Revise sample tutorials for ScalarDB Analytics with PostgreSQL, ScalarDB GraphQL, and ScalarDB SQL (JDBC) (#52)
scalar-labs/scalardb-samples: scalardb-sql-jdbc-sample/README.md

After confirming that you have access to the ScalarDB SQL repository and its packages, you will need to set your GitHub username and your personal access token. To specify these properties, you can do one of the following:

<div id="tabset-1">
<div class="tab">
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Gradle_properties_via_command', 'tabset-1')" id="defaultOpen-1">Add to Gradle properties via Terminal</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Environment_variables', 'tabset-1')">Add as environment variables</button>
</div>

<div id="Gradle_properties_via_command" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

Specify the properties with the `-P` option by running the `./gradlew` command as follows, replacing `<YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME>` with your GitHub username and `<YOUR_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN>` with your personal access token:

```console

> $ ./gradlew run ... -Pgpr.user=<YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME> -Pgpr.key=<YOUR_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN>

Author: Running this command with `...` results in Gradle failing to build. Since users are likely to copy and paste this command, is it OK if we remove `...`?

Reviewer: I think `...` means arbitrary parameters. So replacing it with `<PARAMETERS>` or something might be clearer?

Author: Ah, that would be helpful to note instead. Thank you! 

Gradle seems to refer to those parameters as [options](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/command_line_interface.html), so I've added that here.

# Create a Sample Application That Uses ScalarDB SQL (JDBC)

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

> ScalarDB SQL (JDBC) is now deprecated. Please see [Getting Started with ScalarDB Cluster](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/scalardb-cluster/getting-started-with-scalardb-cluster/) instead.

Reviewer 2: Maybe it would be appropriate to state here: This sample code is now deprecated. To use ScalarDB SQL, you need to use ScalarDB Cluster. For more information about ScalarDB Cluster, See [ScalarDB Cluster document]().

As I commented above, the `scalardb-cluster` repository is private. So I think we need to link to the doc site.

Author: Thank you! I agree that a bit more information would be helpful here. How about the following?:

```suggestion
This sample code is now deprecated. To use ScalarDB SQL, you need to use ScalarDB Cluster, which is available only in the Enterprise edition. For more information, see [ScalarDB Cluster](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/scalardb-cluster/).
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM!
